fold the paper from one corner to the
other then be the same again the other
way next fold the paper from side to
side and then again the other way
next forum the following action with the
paper once I've made the crease it will
be easier and I will show you again
you
who's now at this triangle shape fold
the top layer back like so around a
couple of centimeters
you should have these two points es
sticking up so flatten them next from
this point here fold each of these flaps
this will create the claws of the crab
you
next pre-crease these flops like so
or fold them
I felt this point here to the flaps we
flattened earlier
next with these points we precreased
earlier it should be easy to fold them
down and create the back legs